README.md, before:

# Secret Message

Secret Message is a tiny tool which enables you to easily send and recieve encrypted messages to Github users via pull requests or commits to repositories.

This comes in handy when you want to message a developer but don't have their contact info.  It works by encrypting a plain text mssage with the user's latest public RSA key associated with their account. Inspired by [Jass](https://github.com/jschauma/jass).

### Dependencies
* node.js v0.12.4

### Usage: Decrypt a Message
```sh
$ node decrypt_message.js
Usage: node decrypt_message.js <secret message file> <absolute path to private key (optional)>

$ # example
$ node decrypt_message.js secret/secret_message.out
Decrypt your message.  Your private key is not being stolen, read the code!

 ~/.ssh/id_rsa pass phrase: <enter passphrase>

   -------

     magic secret message just for you appears here!
```

### Usage: Encrypt a Message

```sh
$ node encrypt_message.js
Usage: node encrypt_message <github username | absolute path to public key> <message file>

$ # example
$ node encrypt_message.js <github username> plain/message_<message text file> > secret/secret_message.out
$ git add secret_message.out
$ git commit -m "hey @github-user, accept this pull request with a secret message just for you!"
$ git push remote master
```

* note: plain text messages stored in the `plain` directory, will be ignored by git.

### Installation
```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/sadasystems/secretmessage
$ cd secretmessage
$ npm install
```

### Key Types

* RSA keys (supported, tested)
* DSA keys (supported, not tested)
* ed25519 (not supported, pull requests welcome)

### Todo's

* send some secret messages

### Todont's

* commit plain text message to the repo

### Version
0.0.1

License
----

MIT

Commit message:

changed name of project
"Private Message" is more aligned with the purpose of this tool than "Secret Message"

README.md, after:

# Private Message

Private Message is a tiny tool which enables you to easily send and recieve encrypted messages to Github users via pull requests or commits to repositories.

This comes in handy when you want to message a developer but don't have their contact info.  It works by encrypting a plain text mssage with the user's latest public RSA key associated with their account. Inspired by [Jass](https://github.com/jschauma/jass).

### Dependencies
* node.js v0.12.4

### Usage: Decrypt a Message
```sh
$ node decrypt_message.js
Usage: node decrypt_message.js <private message file> <absolute path to private key (optional)>

$ # example
$ node decrypt_message.js secret/secret_message.out
Decrypt your message.  Your private key is not being stolen, read the code!

 ~/.ssh/id_rsa pass phrase: <enter passphrase>

   -------

     magic private message just for you appears here!
```

### Usage: Encrypt a Message

```sh
$ node encrypt_message.js
Usage: node encrypt_message <github username | absolute path to public key> <message file>

$ # example
$ node encrypt_message.js <github username> plain/message_<message text file> > secret/secret_message.out
$ git add secret_message.out
$ git commit -m "hey @github-user, accept this pull request with a private message just for you!"
$ git push remote master
```

* note: plain text messages stored in the `plain` directory, will be ignored by git.

### Installation
```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/sadasystems/private-message
$ cd private-message
$ npm install
```

### Key Types

* RSA keys (supported, tested)
* DSA keys (supported, not tested)
* ed25519 (not supported, pull requests welcome)

### Todo's

* send some private messages

### Todont's

* commit plain text message to the repo

### Version
0.0.1

License
----

MIT
